QA-518: add list of repos to sync option (#211)
mendersoftware/integration-test-runner: README.md

## Main features

### GitHub -> GitLab sync

> By default all repositories from the configured GitHub organization are synced with GitLab if `SYNC_REPOS_LIST` (comma separated values) is not set.

Reviewer: I suggest to be here more explicit in what the variable actually does.

For example:
```suggestion
By default all repositories from the configured GitHub organization are synced with GitLab. To select a subset of repositories to sync, set `SYNC_REPOS_LIST` env variable with a comma separated list of repositories.
```

The issue I see with the current text is that it really doesn't say what the variable does, only that it won't sync all repos -> but what repos then will be synced?
